# 03 JavaScript: Password Generator

This is a password generator.  At the click of a button, a user gets a password for free.  Taking boilerplate code, the password gets generated.  

The user may choose four types of characters to act as the password: lowercase, uppercase, numeric, and special characters.  The user may choose between 8 and 128 characters.  This is the length of the password. Next, the user may choose  how many characters should be lowercase; then, she may choose how many uppercase characters she wants, how many numeric characters, then finally how many special characters she wants, never exceeding the maximum length.

Error checking is enforced.  The length of the password is checked.  I also check that at least one type is selected and that the user select no more than the length.  If the user does select more than the length, then the number of characters remaining is added to the length of that type of character.

The password is generated by translating an ascii code to a character.  For example, the lowercase "a"s, in ascii, begin at number 97 and go on for 26 numbers, up to "z".  A random number generater generates a value within this range. The same type of thing happens for the other types of characters.

If the user elected not to select a type of character, then it is skipped and that type of character does not appear in the password.

Finally, the function I wrote returns the randomized password back to the method that called it, and off it goes.

The power of the array was utilized to make the code more efficient and compact.

